# Ember Flexberry Designer Changelog
All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

## [Unreleased]
## [0.11.0]
### Added
* Add geolayer edit panel.
* Add geolayerstyle edit panel.
* Add gisSubSystem.
* Add settings page.
* Mobile styles

### Fixed
* Style share button in dark theme.
* Style add navigation page.
* Fix fade diagrams.

## [0.10.2] - 2019-11-08
### Fixed
* Fix create AutogeneratedSystem.

## [0.10.1] - 2019-11-07
### Fixed
* Fix share button.

## [0.10.0] - 2019-11-07
### Added
* Add audit and authority in class settings.
* Add readonly mode.
* Add sort data by name in list.
* Add style for base modal window.
* Add share button.
* Add print diagrams.

### Fixed
* Fix diagram toolbar hidden.
* Fix toggle sidebar button.
* Remove round buttons.
* Fix modal window styles.

## [0.9.2] - 2019-10-08
### Added
* Add connection points for links.

## [0.9.1] - 2019-10-08
### Fixed
* Fix sidebar and list styles.

## [0.9.0] - 2019-10-02
### Added
* Edit form for editforms.
* Edit form for listforms.
* Integration of application model form and diagrams.
* Add unload store.
* Log error.
* Clear store in choose project.
* Input in cod dpd std diagrams primitives.
* Dark and blue style theme.
* Dynamic theme changes.
* Show error model message.

### Fixed
* Remove the delete button when creating a new record.
* Fix locales.
* Update model projections.
* Loop in inheritance.
* Fix coordinates in firefox.
* Fix style view and toolbar for diagrams.
* Fix save diagrams.
* Fix delete diagrams.

## [0.8.1-beta.2] - 2019-09-12
### Fixed
* Fix view styles.
* Fix readonly link.
* Fix delete class from model form.

## [0.8.1-beta.1] - 2019-09-09
### Fixed
* Fix empty class nameStr.
* Fix update str value with ru symvols.
* Fix coordinates in firefox.

## [0.8.0] - 2019-09-02
### Added
* Added navigation tree.
* Added logic for create new class button.
* Added logic for create new diagram button.
* Added logic for delete class button.
* Change text ability on activity diagram primitives.
* Add primitives resizing on cad diagram.
* Add text and background colors for primitives on cad diagram.
* Add create prototype button.

### Fixed
* Fix new project creating.
* Fix cad class attributes and methods parsing.
* Fix `fd-button` type.

### Changed
* Change link to link realization to JointJS 3.

## [0.7.0] - 2019-05-31
### Added
* Added json update when editing diagrams.
* Added styles for the application generation page.
* Added component "Round button".
* Implemented join to connections for other primitives.
* Added collapse button for diagram edit panel toolbar.
* Added collapse button for class primitives.
* Added highlight feature for cad elements.
* Added check on exist diagram elements.
* Added delete button for class primitives.
* Button to open the object edit form from the diagram.
* Roll back changes on diagram when close edit form or diagram.

### Changed
* Corrected the error when restarting the project.
* Removed the ability to detach intermediate links from link-connectors.
* Different stylistic edits.
* The diagram in the `{{fd-uml-diagram}}` component now has an infinite size.
* Links can't have empty source or target.
* Optimized movement of diagram elements.

### Fixed
* Textarea size in elements cad diagram.
* Fixed save cad diagram.
* Fixed styles of the component "Table".
* Saving unchanged objects on diagrams.

## [0.6.0] - 2019-04-12
### Added
* Edit form for the type map.
* The application structure constructor:
  * Add links in root desktop.
* The list form constructor:
  * Add, sort and remove columns.
  * Add sidebar opening when column is select.
* The edit form constructor:
  * Save the definition of the view.
  * Deselect.
  * The row select.
  * Highlighting the selected items.
  * Button for removing items.
  * Button for moving items.
  * Buttons for sorting items.
  * Add sidebar opening when control is select.
* The view edit form:
  * Add the "Visibility" checkbox to the table.
  * Retracting controls if nothing is selected.
  * Add sidebar opening when view's property is select.
* Edit form for classes with `typemap` stereotype.
* Buttons for adding ucd diagram primitives.
* Forms of projects for new design.
* Forms of generation for new design.
* Current project name view.

### Changed
* The edit form constructor:
  * The addition of controls takes place depending on the selected item.
  * The type of the displayed component for the control depends on the type of property.
  * When the single control in the row is selected, you can move the row.
* Clicking on class with stereotype `listform` or `edit form` will open form constructor.
* Unified headings for edit-forms.
* Update ember-flexberry to 2.0.0-beta.2.
* Inputs replaced by textarea in elements cad diagram.

### Fixed
* The view edit form:
  * Loading recursion in the tree.
  * Duplicating Aggregators.
  * Editing the title and description of view in the panel.
* Pressing 'Close' button in form constructors will open previous page.
* Fix autoresize of uml package object.
* Fix size of new diagram paper.

## [0.2.0] - 2018-06-26
### Added
* Implemented the minimum set of functionality needed for use.

## [0.1.0] - 2017-10-01
* The first release.
